docs/drafts/evacuation_plan_magnets.md, before:

---
title: Evacuation Plan Magnets
description: Increase compliance with practicing home evacuations with a simple magnet.

layout: page
sidenav: sidebar
subnav:
  - text: Kinship
    href: /kinship
  - text: Foster Parent Licensing
    href: /licensing
  - text: Foster Parent Recruitment
    href: /recruitment
  - text: Placement
    href: /placement
  - text: Extended Foster Care
    href: /extended-foster-care
  - text: COVID-19
    href: /covid-19

topic: draft
difficulty: easy
audience: anyone
cost: free
timeframe: immediate
---


### The Play

A dry-erase magnet for foster families to document practicing their evacuation plans.

**Who Can Do This?:**
Direct line workers

**Cost:**
Free

**Timeframe:**
Immediate

**Difficulty:**
Easy

### How To Do This

[Use this template]() to make your own magnets. If you modify this template, we'd love for you to share yours too!


### Outcomes Data

We're working to collect exact data on this, but we believe this increases the ease and rate of license renewals.

### Who's Doing This?

Michigan

### Real-World Examples

#### Topic
licensing

Commit message:

Updates playbook template to add problem being solved

docs/drafts/evacuation_plan_magnets.md, after:

---
title: Evacuation Plan Magnets
description: Increase compliance with practicing home evacuations with a simple magnet.

layout: page
sidenav: sidebar
subnav:
  - text: Kinship
    href: /kinship
  - text: Foster Parent Licensing
    href: /licensing
  - text: Foster Parent Recruitment
    href: /recruitment
  - text: Placement
    href: /placement
  - text: Extended Foster Care
    href: /extended-foster-care
  - text: COVID-19
    href: /covid-19

topic: draft
difficulty: easy
audience: anyone
cost: free
timeframe: immediate
---


### The Play

A dry-erase magnet for foster families to document practicing their evacuation plans.

**Who Can Do This?:**
Direct line workers

**Cost:**
Free

**Timeframe:**
Immediate

**Difficulty:**
Easy

### The Problem It Solves

Many families forget to complete their required fire evacuation practice throughout the year, and don't have this information available at license renewal. The magnet reminds families to practice, and serves as easy documentation that they did so.

### How To Do This

Use this template ([DOCX](/assets/Emergency%20Fridge%20Decoration.docx) or [PDF](/assets/Emergency%20Fridge%20Decoration.pdf)) to make your own magnets. If you modify this template, we'd love for you to share yours too!


### Outcomes Data

We're working to collect exact data on this, but we believe this increases the ease and rate of license renewals.

### Who's Doing This?

Michigan

### Real-World Examples

#### Topic
licensing
