docs/playbook/clerical_support.md, before:

---
title: Provide Clerical Support for Licensing Workers
description: Clerical support helps licensors maintain a higher case load with greater family satisfaction.

layout: page
sidenav: sidebar
subnav:
  - text: Foster Parent Licensing
    href: /licensing
  - text: Background Checks
    href: /background-checks
  - text: License Renewals
    href: /renewals
  - text: Extended Foster Care
    href: /extended-foster-care
  - text: COVID-19
    href: /covid-19

topic: renewals
audience: anyone
cost: FTE
timeframe: months
difficulty: medium
---


### The Play

Reduce the amount of paperwork that licensing workers are responsible for by providing clerical support. Clerical workers are often the unsung heroes of every office!

**Who Can Do This?:**
Anyone<br />
**Cost:**
FTE<br />
**Timeframe:**
Months<br />
**Difficulty:**
Medium<br />

### The Problem It Solves

Case workers spend a significant amount of time on paperwork—time that they could otherwise spend directly with the families, or on their evaluations.

### How To Do This

* Hire one or more (depending on the size of your office) clerical workers. They can send and receive physical mail and email, keep track of paperwork requirements for each family, track renewal requirements, [send appointment reminders](https://www.childwelfareplaybook.com/playbook/send_appointment_reminders), track background check paperwork, and handle other clerical responsibilities.
* You may be able to leverage clerical staff in another department, or convert an existing position.

### Outcomes Data

We are still collecting concrete data, but believe that this:
* Increases the time social workers can spend with families
* Increases the likelihood that families are effectively evaluated

### Who's Doing This?

Commit message:

Added PD to clerical support play

docs/playbook/clerical_support.md, after:

---
title: Provide Clerical Support for Licensing Workers
description: Clerical support helps licensors maintain a higher case load with greater family satisfaction.

layout: page
sidenav: sidebar
subnav:
  - text: Foster Parent Licensing
    href: /licensing
  - text: Background Checks
    href: /background-checks
  - text: License Renewals
    href: /renewals
  - text: Extended Foster Care
    href: /extended-foster-care
  - text: COVID-19
    href: /covid-19

topic: licensing
audience: anyone
cost: FTE
timeframe: months
difficulty: medium
---


### The Play

Reduce the amount of paperwork that licensing workers are responsible for by providing clerical support. Clerical workers are often the unsung heroes of every office!

**Who Can Do This?:**
Anyone<br />
**Cost:**
FTE<br />
**Timeframe:**
Months<br />
**Difficulty:**
Medium<br />

### The Problem It Solves

Case workers spend a significant amount of time on paperwork—time that they could otherwise spend directly with the families, or on their evaluations.

### How To Do This

* Hire one or more (depending on the size of your office) clerical workers. They can send and receive physical mail and email, keep track of paperwork requirements for each family, track renewal requirements, [send appointment reminders](https://www.childwelfareplaybook.com/playbook/send_appointment_reminders), track background check paperwork, and handle other clerical responsibilities.
* You may be able to leverage clerical staff in another department, or convert an existing position.

### Outcomes Data

We are still collecting concrete data, but believe that this:
* Increases the time social workers can spend with families
* Increases the likelihood that families are effectively evaluated

### Who's Doing This?

Washington

### Real-World Examples

* [Position description for clerical support](/assets/WA PD for Clerical Support.doc) in WA state
